# DH150 Assignment02 Usability Testing

### Introduction
One paragraph explaining the purpose of UT, how & what you want to test especially based on the findings of heuristic evaluation. 

The purpose of this UT is to learn about how easy it is for a user to learn and use the Community Chapel World Outreach website. In my heuristic evaluation, I learned that the website had the most issues with three aspects of UX: Recognition Rather than Recall, Aesthetic and Minimalistic design, and Match Between the the System and the Real World. I want to test the Recognition Rather than Recall features of the website by letting the users navigate through the media content of the site. I want to see how they respond and how they proceed to use the site with the lack of recognition error messages from missing videos. I also want to look into the Aesthetic and Minimalistic Design features of the website by testing if it is easy for users to find basic information about how to get kids to participate in church activities/groups/classes. I also want to test the Match Between the System and the Real World features of the site by testing if the person can find information about events that are currently taking place in the real world with the tools and documentation presented on the site.

One paragraph describing what you learned during the pilot test, what went well and what went not so well, focusing on how you want to improve your UT in the future.

### Summary
During the pilot test, I learned that the UT process can get out of hand without clear instructions given to participating users. Many times the user got distracted or forgot the questions he was trying to answer because he got lost in looking at the website's features. The UT testing went well because my UT participant spoke about everything that he was encountering on the website. The recording site, Active Presenter, also provided clear audio and visual of the whole UT process. The UT testing went wrong when I misread a few of the questions which confused the user on what they were asking. I felt that sometimes the user went all over the website to find the answers to the questions which took additional time and made the userfeel exhausted. My grandma also came in the room during the UT testing which distracted the participant and moderator. I want to improve my UT in the future by making clearer questions and also providing a quieter room for the user to do UT without any distractions.  
