# DH150: Assignment04_Contextual_Inquiry

## Description of the Project Challenge

For my project design challenge, I will try to understand what Christian people commonly look up on the Internet in relation to church environments. The project design activity will involve having a participant research religious information they will typically do on a weekly basis. I am keeping the activity very broad since there is only a limited amount of sites where church members commonly look up religious information for churches. The basic need involved for this activity is users wanting to find information to feel a social belonging in church settings. To satisfy this need, people traditionally contact a church member directly or use the Internet to find the religious information they are looking for. Digital technology will help improve the limitations of having difficulty finding and searching for a community of people who share similar beleifs. I sought out users who are representative of the target market for my application. In particular, I sought out people who were Christian and were familiar with church settings, culture and activities. The user would usually perform the activity I asked them to do in their home, often at their desks. To complete the activity, the user needs to use the Internet or they need to go to a church location in person. For this activity, I will be doing a direct interview with a religious participant as my research method. I will ask them to search up certain information on the Internet and observe their comments and user journey. I will be audio recording our conversation, which will be guided by a preprepared script. With the information I recieve from this activity, I will be able to design a website application that helps users fill the need of social belonging with a specific church and also let new members understand a church's core values and culture. 

## Link to your contextual inquiry guide (script)

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gMpgMtvNuk_ZOPLgcanLm_zzLD9TWs7wu-d3TACBYQw/edit?usp=sharing

## User Data (Audio Link)

https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ZmOKcl1EIADHADST-asglLOU5n_n0qCX

## Transcript
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OL15awPUZQr6As0MGV46_U3JXiG8LfZ_/view?usp=sharing

## Reflection
For my interview, I prepared a script that allowed me to conduct an interview which led me to gain an understanding of the Christian population website needs. During the interview, I asked the interviewee a few questions related to how he conducts religous research and later asked him to perform a general task of what he usually does when he is looking for religious information. After the interview, I learned that having a more technologically updated church website design gives the impression that a church puts a lot of effort into thier religious work. I also learned that a regular member commonly looks for social events on a church website. I also learned that having Google's integration into the website makes it a lot easier for users to save religious related searches, find directions to certain church events, and find the church website in general. I also learned that images and videos give a better summary about a church's environment than long pages of text. Having clear "About" section headings also help users understand what a churches core values are. In the future, I will try to be a bit more specific with some of my questions. Some of my questions were a little too broad which might have confused the reader on how to answer. I will also include more questions that involve more interaction with alternative religious sites other than a main church website. I though my interview went smoothly for the most part since my participant was very knowledgable about religious settings. I also thought that I did a good job of finding ways to have the participant expand his answers to get more information out of their user experience. 
